Better user/applications documentation (#17)
gotify/website: docs/index.md

An application is a device or application that only can send messages.

> A user owns its own collection of clients and applications, and clients only gets messages from the applications owned by the same user.

Reviewer: `Owns its own` doesn't sound so good IMO how about:
```suggestion
Users are only able to manage (view/edit/delete) clients and applications (includes messages sent by the app) that they created.
```
